hey guys today I'm at the beach with my
roommate Katie we ended up going to
Malibu and if you guys can't hear us
that's because we're literally on a PD
call the waves in the background so I'm
literally screaming today I'm going to
share with you guys our Beach essentials
you guys should definitely go subscribe
to Katie her link will be down below and
let's concerted so first essential vrf
backpacks that I love that packs I think
there's a way to go with all your crap
in here
be on your back I got my permit Urban
Outfitters waiting on Victoria Secret so
yeah that's where you can get the my
next potential is water you just want
the beach water is a good way to go or
juice mines h2 rose it has it's made of
roads and so apparently roads have a lot
of stuff that's good for you so that's
my essential and I mind just plain water
so in existential will be our phone
chargers these are very essential for
your phone since we be taking so many
selfies and pictures and who make sure
that you actually charged it before you
call our necks essential is our Nexus
central is chapstick make sure you have
SPF in it so it protects your lips from
the Sun
it's a great thing time when you're at
the beach just keep your lips hydrated
and
so my next adventure will be a some
but definitely when the beach has been
crap all your stuff in there